[MUSIC PLAYING]
ADDY: Security is a
lot like car insurance.
Most people don't
want to pay for it.
MATT: I agree with that.
ADDY: Some people
don't pay for it.
MATT: So here's the thing.
For me, I don't mind
paying for car insurance
because it means that
if I destroy my car,
or it gets stolen, you
get your money back.
And then it's fine.
It's sort of an investment.
The thing that I
don't like about it
is, I'm not going to read the
massive 50-page long legal
document they send you
in the process of getting
said car insurance.
I'm fine with it happening, the
payment going out to get it.
It's everything around it.
ADDY: I never read
those agreements.
I'm not even committed enough
to read the iTunes license
agreement.
MATT: And yeah, that's
basically exactly the same thing
as I've done for my site.
The whole point of SSL
is to keep users secure.
And Service Worker, it does
actually make a lot of sense.
Because you're going to
have something controlling
your page in the background.
And if someone can
get in the middle,
and then swap out
Service Worker,
like addyosmani.com/blog
could go straight to my site,
my blog posts.
ADDY: What?
MATT: I could steal
all your ad revenue.
ADDY: If anything,
it would probably
be an improvement
in content quality.
MATT: Not true.
But I can understand
the main point of it.
The problem I have
with all of this
is it's really hard
to learn about SSL.
A, there's tons of old content.
This is how you set
up SSL on your site.
It's useful, but it's old.
And then secondly, there were
so many different factors
to the whole thing.
ADDY: So when I was trying to
set this stuff up on my site--
and I don't even default to
HTTPS just yet, because there's
still-- I still don't know how
to handle all the mixed content
security warnings I'm getting
from the third parties
I'm loading, like widgets,
and share buttons, and from.
MATT: Yeah.
ADDY: And it's like all
the tooling around this
is sort of a minefield to me.
I find it hard to
navigate those waters.
MATT: So I've literally--
I've done numerous steps
into how I got it on my site,
and even then, I've got issues.
So the first one was SSL labs.
You just bung in your URL.
And it will look at
your site and figure out
whether HTTP redirects
to HTTPS, and just
the configuration of
HTTPS on your site.
So if I bung in gauntface.com in
SSL labs, I was, at one point,
getting a glorious A-plus,
which I was very happy about,
and now I've been
downgraded to a C.
ADDY: Have you changed
your site a lot?
MATT: No.
So--
ADDY: Is there a way of--
MATT: So what's
happened is there
was the POODLE vulnerability.
And I think that's
basically all through SSL3.
And I've still
got SSL3 support--
ADDY: Oh, I see.
MATT: --on my site.
So even though everything is
actually doing really well,
like 190's for the scores
on each top-level topic,
they've kept me to a C
because of SSL3 and POODLE.
ADDY: I guess it's cool that
they're keeping it up to date.
MATT: Yeah, so this
is the nice thing,
is you can keep on regularly
running through this,
and will keep it up to
date and track everything.
The really nice thing with
this is it's really good.
It's a ton of information,
possibly too much.
But at the same time, things
like protocols, it's saying,
do you support SSL2?
No.
Do you support SSL3?
Yes.
It's insecure.
These are the cipher
suites that you have.
And it literally-- if there's
one particular thing that
is, like, this is actually
really a bad practice,
it highlights it.
And then you can at least
go and Google and find out
the problem.
So this was the first
thing that I found.
I was like, sweet,
these are all the places
that I suck, and overall I'm
doing bad, well, or whatever.
The best thing I found after
this was the Mozilla SSL
configuration generator.
And this thing is a godsend.
ADDY: Does it do all
the work for you?
MATT: Yes, so good.
So basically, one of the
issues that I had was,
how do I know what a
good SSL cipher suite is?
And SSL labs tells
you good or bad.
The problem is, it
doesn't necessarily
tell you the right names to
put in your configuration file.
Enter a Mozilla SSL
Config Generator.
So you can select,
like, Apache or Nginx.
You can select what sort of
browser support you want.
So you can be
really harsh and be
like, if there's an old browser
that requires xyz to work,
you can just basically
say, sorry, I'm
not going to support
that for security reasons
or whatever else.
And it literally just
gives you the config file,
everything just set up.
ADDY: That's awesome.
MATT: So I'm looking at it,
and already the SSL protocols
doesn't include
SSL3, which is why
I'm now susceptible to POODLE.
So all I have to do is
literally copy this back over,
and I'm good to go.
Then, very recently,
the past week or so,
someone introduced me to
httpsecurityreport.com.
ADDY:
httpsecurityreport.com, OK.
What does it do?
MATT: So, it literally is
very similar to SSL labs.
It's kind of nice
because it gives you
an even higher level
of overview of where
you're doing well on your site.
But this looks at
slightly different things.
Like, I've never considered
the content security policy
of my site, which
is things like,
if you're pulling in a
third-party resources,
like Google Fonts,
you can basically say,
if I have a CSP policy which
excludes that, it won't load,
even though I called
it in on my web page.
So with your
mixed-content thing,
you could sit there and say,
CSP is just addyosmani.com.
That would all
just get shut down.
Which is not what you want,
but it's an interesting point
that I've never even
considered as a thing
until I used this tool.
ADDY: This tool is neat.
The current default
non-HTTPS version of my site
is getting a very,
very respectable 17 out
of 100 at the moment.
MATT: That's good.
ADDY: It's great.
MATT: I'm guessing 17 out
of 100, rather than 20,
just saying.
ADDY: Let's go with that.
And the HTTPS version
is getting a solid 51.
MATT: Nice.
That's not too bad.
I'm only on 62.
So I've got some work to do.
But the interesting
thing with this
is it actually picks up things
like web framework information.
And that's things like,
oh, PHP is actually
saying this is
the version of PHP
you support, or you're actually
on version x of engine x.
Which, again, I wouldn't
have ever thought
of looking into
because in my head,
I wouldn't expect those
tools to be sharing
that kind of information
by default, let alone
it be a security issue anyway.
But those three things, I
found immensely helpful.
I'm using them basically
to guide where I spend
all my time and effort on work.
ADDY: Sounds good.
[MUSIC PLAYING]